>> Bianca Gandolfo: I
left you with a prompt,
what you think is the most important
thing to know about JavaScript?
Loosely held opinions,
what did your friends say?
How about Jamie?
>> Jamie: I totally forgot,
I was hoping you wouldn't call my name.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH]
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Jamie: Something about not mutating
scope, right?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah,
not mutating shared data.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That
you shouldn't do that?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: You can either change data,
or you can share it, but don't do both.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, cool,
I like that, that's an important
thing to know in general.
Cool, how about Eddie?
>> Eddie: [COUGH] So
Cameron talked about how
JavaScript is everywhere,
in absolutely every browser.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Eddie: And then Chris talked about
knowing how to read with documentation.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, that's a skill.
Some people think, they glance at the
documentation, they don't understand it,
that they'll never understand it.
And that they need to watch
YouTube videos, or something.
Most documentation is structured,
it's very similar.
And once you kinda get the idea of how to
read the documentation, your life gets so
much better.
And then you start reading the source
code of your favorite libraries,
then you start reading the language spec,
it just gets deeper and deeper, maybe not.
But that's what I like.
Cool, what about here in the front row,
the gray, and
black sweater crew?
>> Speaker 6: I
think we both are just
brainstorming an idea of how,
first of all, how deep that question is.
And what applies to any language
would be just trying to understand,
how is that language intended
to be written as, as for
as the best practice?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 6: Which I think you and
I agree with the idea of trial and error.
And also trying to develop our knowledge
as we are getting more experienced
with whatever language we're writing.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, cool.
>> Speaker 6: That makes sense?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I like that.
She's like, I didn't say that.
[LAUGH] I was eating a donut in my break,
I wasn't talking about JavaScript.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What about you guys?
>> Speaker 7: He said,
what was your name again?
>> Dan: Dan.
>> Speaker 7: Dan said that it does
crazy things.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, yeah,
I like to think of it as,
know what can go wrong.
It's one of the most important
things to know about JavaScript,
is know what can go wrong.
Because things are definitely
gonna go wrong, and being able to
anticipate those things ahead of time
will help you write bug-free code,
especially with something
as crazy as JavaScript.
Awesome, so
we're gonna start talking about functions.
I threw you guys in the deep end,
we already have been
using a lot of functions.
We already implemented map, and
Each, and filter, and used them.
But we're gonna go into
the specifics on how things work,
so we have a super clear idea on
how exactly our code executes.
I think that's really important.
The order in which things execute,
and trace things through,
functions and values,
as they go through our code.
All right, so I'm gonna give you guys
a little bit of an anatomy lesson.
And then I'm going to let
you guys do a scavenger hunt
on the next slide, just for
a couple of minutes.
And we're gonna come back, and
we're gonna talk about what we found.
So the anatomy here,
I wish I could stand up and point,
but I'll use my mouse,
is there are many pieces of a function.
And a couple of pieces that
are confusing to people, especially,
are the difference between defining
a function, and invoking a function,
or calling the function, right?
So when we define a function,
it's static, it's not been run.
Anything in the body of the function,
which is in between these two
curly brackets, does not run until
call time, or when you invoke it.
And you only invoke it using curly
brackets, or using a method like,
call or apply, something like that.
So if you don't see these brackets,
this function never runs.
Seems obvious, but
something that we often forget.
And we're like,
why isn't this doing anything?
And you're like,
well I didn't call the function.
Or this function,
the name I"m referring to is misspelled.
Sometimes I write the word function wrong,
I like to switch the C and
the N, is there anyone else that do that?
Fucntion, yeah, that's how I roll.
So we have a function name,
we have the parameters.
The parameters are variables, right?
They don't hold a value until it's called.
And the arguments are what you pass
to the function, they have values.
So we often use these
terms interchangeably, but
they do mean different things.
So just keep that in mind.
Parameters are variables,
they have no value until called,
arguments are the actual value.
It gets a little bit tricky when we're
kind of walking through the function,
and the parameters have a value.
But just keep that in mind
that they're different.
Okay, any questions about this
little chart, anatomy of a function?